feat: enable header to accept custom menus (#466)
openedx/frontend-component-header: docs/using_custom_header.rst

.. title:: Custom Header Component Documentation

Custom Header Component
=======================

Overview
--------

The ``Header`` component is used to display a header with a provided ``mainMenuItems``,
``secondaryMenuItems``, and ``userMenuItems`` props. If props are provided, the component will use them; otherwise,

> If any of the props ``(mainMenuItems, secondaryMenuItems, userMenuItems)`` are not provided, default
> items are displayed. This component provides flexibility in customization, making it suitable for a wide
> range of applications.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
if any of the props ``(mainMenuItems, secondaryMenuItems, userMenuItems)`` are not provided, default
items will be displayed. This component provides flexibility in customization, making it suitable for a wide
range of applications.
```

Props Details
-------------

The `Header` component accepts the following **optional** props for customization:

``mainMenuItems``
*****************

> The main menu items is a list of menu items objects. On desktop screens, these items are displayed on the left, to the right of the logo icon and to the left of the secondary menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main menu items is a list of menu items objects. On desktop screens, these items are displayed on the left side next to the logo icon.
```

Original text was a little confusing to me without a visual. I don't think the secondary menu needs to be mentioned as the way this was initially written implies that there is no space in between the two menus

Author: makes sense

On mobile screens, the main menu is displayed as a dropdown menu triggered by a hamburger icon. The main menu dropdown appears below the logo when opened.

Example:
::

   [
       { type: 'item', href: '/courses', content: 'Courses', isActive: true },
       { type: 'item', href: '/programs', content: 'Programs' },
       { type: 'item', href: '/discover', content: 'Discover New', disabled, true },
       {
           type: 'submenu',
           content: 'Sub Menu Item',
           submenuContent: [
               '<div className="mb-1"><a rel="noopener" href="#">Submenu item 1</a></div>',
               '<div className="mb-1"><a rel="noopener" href="#">Submenu item 2</a></div>'
           ],
       },
   ]

**Note:**

> - The ``type`` should be ``item`` or ``submenu``. If type is ``submenu``, it should contain ``submenuContent`` instead of ``href``.

Author: yes sure. added

- If any item is to be disabled, we can pass optional ``disabled: true`` in that item object and

- If any item is to be active, we can pass optional ``isActive: true`` in that item object

secondaryMenuItems
******************

The secondary menu items has same structure as ``mainMenuItems``. On desktop screen, these items are displayed on the right of header just before the userMenu avatar and on mobile screen,
these items are displayed below the mainMenu items in dropdown.

Example:
::

   [
       { type: 'item', href: '/help', content: 'Help' },
   ]

userMenuItems
*************

The user menu items is list of objects. On desktop screens, these items are displayed as a dropdown menu on the most right side of the header. The dropdown is opened by clicking on the avatar icon, which is typically located at the far right of the header.
On mobile screens, the user menu is also displayed as a dropdown menu, appearing under the avatar icon.

> User Menu is list of objects. Each object represent a group in user menu. Each object contains the ``heading`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each object represents a group in the user menu. Each object contains the ``heading`` and
```

Seems redundant given what's written on line 67

Author: yes thanks.

.. title:: Custom Header Component Documentation

Custom Header Component
=======================

Overview
--------

The ``Header`` component is used to display a header with a provided ``logo``, ``mainMenuItems``,
``secondaryMenuItems``, and ``userMenuItems`` props. If props are provided, the component will use them; otherwise,
If any of the props ``(logo, mainMenuItems, secondaryMenuItems, userMenuItems)`` are not provided, default
items are displayed. This component provides flexibility in customization, making it suitable for a wide
range of applications.

Props Details
-------------

The `Header` component accepts the following **optional** props for customization:

``logo``
*******

> The logo prop is an object containing `src`, `alt`, and `href` properties. If not passed, LOGO_URL from config will be used.

Reviewer 2: I am wondering if we can get rid of this prop? Now that I am reviewing this, I am wondering that if anyone needs to use a custom logo, they can simply override the `LOGO_URL` in their MFE config. What are your thoughts on this?

Author: Thats correct. We can definitely remove it.

On mobile screens, the main menu is displayed as a dropdown menu triggered by a hamburger icon. The main menu dropdown appears below the logo when opened.

Example:
::

   [
       { type: 'item', href: '/courses', content: 'Courses', isActive: true },
       { type: 'item', href: '/programs', content: 'Programs' },
       { type: 'item', href: '/discover', content: 'Discover New', disabled, true },
       {
           type: 'submenu',
           content: 'Sub Menu Item',
           submenuContent: [
               '<div className="mb-1"><a rel="noopener" href="#">Submenu item 1</a></div>',
               '<div className="mb-1"><a rel="noopener" href="#">Submenu item 2</a></div>'
           ],
       },
   ]

**Note:**

- The ``type`` should be ``item`` or ``submenu``. If type is ``submenu``, it should contain ``submenuContent`` instead of ``href``.

- If any item is to be disabled, we can pass optional ``disabled: true`` in that item object and

- If any item is to be active, we can pass optional ``isActive: true`` in that item object

secondaryMenuItems
******************

> The secondary menu items has same structure as ``mainMenuItems``. On desktop screen, These items are displayed on the right of header just before the userMenu avatar and on mobile screen,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The secondary menu items has same structure as ``mainMenuItems``. On desktop screen, these items are displayed on the right of header just before the userMenu avatar and on mobile screen,
```
